jared polin froknowsphoto.com here with
another photo of the week and this week
hey I'm down here in this corner you can
see me talking um yeah so this week I
picked a photo of a friend of mine Dave
Leno he is a future really big
sportscaster that you will see a lot of
as he progresses and leaves college
which he will be doing this year and
will be picked up by some network
because he is that good of an announcer
straight out of college he is a
sportscaster covers all different sports
gets to travel with all the you know
football and soccer and volleyball women
because everybody loves softball girls
too so he gets to travel with them
around the country as they go on their
differing him different events so I've
been helping Dave create a website as
well as photos to put on his site and
business cards and he had me come down
to one of his games and he was calling
at the Camden River sharks and basically
he was calling the game himself so he
was doing color and doing the
play-by-play so I went down there we
started on the field doing photos and
this is a photo that I wanted to focus
in on you can see down below that there
is a slideshow of the rest of the
environmental portraits that I call
environmental portraits basically what
they are is me spending time in
somebody's natural environment capturing
images of them doing what they do so I
spent the day with him and this photo is
is what I liked the most why because it
shows Dave here announcing the game and
it shows what he is announcing so you
can see what is it the bend Franklin
Bridge in the background or is it the
Betsy Ross I know it's one of the two
I'm not really sure which I should
probably look that up but here you have
Dave calling the game you have the
playing going on out on the field so you
can see his environment he is calling
the game he has his laptop open he has
his different notes he has a score book
he's got his radar gun and then there's
popcorn that's my popcorn in the corner
by the way and he has his salad so you
get the whole feel of his environment
this is his
domaine his booth that he gets to call a
game from and it's a it's an interesting
thing to hear these guys work because
they're looking at 14 different pieces
of paper making sure they have all their
stats ready and they sound like they
don't even miss a beat so he goes in
there and just makes the calls and let's
see if I can cut the video of him making
a Colin right here on deck is the new to
know the count and here it is - can't
sell the drives that one pass all the
bars down the third-base line
easily rounding third and coming in to
score is maverick can't sell will dig
for to the throw by guzmán not in time
one three hops and wine to the second
base bag it's an RBI double for Robinson
can't sell that's RBI number 44 more
tile intakes and early all right so back
to the photo you have Dave sitting here
calling the game taking notes calling
the game do whatever he's gonna do and
how did I frame this well I used the 14
to 24 shot at 14 let's see one five no
one one sixtieth of a second at f/8 at
iso 640 now different for me to shoot at
f/8 a lot of times you know I'm shooting
it to eight or one four or anywhere in
between they're rarely above that four
but we were going for something here I
wanted Dave in focus and I wanted the
field in focus and being that I'm
shooting with an ultra wide angle lens
it's not that hard to keep everything in
focus because your depth of field will
expand tremendously at f/8 with a wide
angle lens because wider angle lens do
not compress the background as much as
if you were using a 300 to 8 the more
the bigger lens that you use the more
the background is going to be compressed
the wider the less compression you're
gonna have in your background you're
gonna have a more depth of field showing
up it's harder to blow the background
out when you shoot wider with a 14 or a
16-day
so let's run down the corrections Nikon
d3s by the way let's run down the
corrections this is what I ended up with
and this is where we started so you can
see how it's flat and boring and all of
that good stuff so I pump up my contrast
I actually added some vibrance and
saturation here I didn't really need to
change my exposure because I liked it
pretty much five right here on the black
levels and recovery as a slider that I
tend not to use but in this case it's
not really taking away from the actual
photograph it's enhancing it so I put it
right back right about here you can see
what happens you see how it's filling in
for the field you know I could use feel
like to make Dave look better but then
it starts to look fake then it's not
what I want I like this feel because
it's you know he's in the shadows he's
not in the forefront he's on the radio
so you know it's usually darker so you
don't ever see people on the radio I
mean you could do this with fill light I
could have popped the flash and balanced
the lighting in the background but I
liked the feel of this so really I make
less Corrections and some other people
you know Greg makes more corrections
than me but that's you know Greg let's
see how we started yeah so we got pretty
close to where I was the first time so I
like this feel I also put this image on
to Dave's business card because I
thought it would be a cool photo that
says sportscaster and it shows him
actually calling a game it's really that
is it for this photo of the week at some
point I will run through each photo that
I captured and do a little bit of
talking about that but down below you
can see the slideshow from the rest of
the images this is just one that really
grabbed me that I really liked because
it shows the game being called and Dave
calling the game so jared polin
froknowsphoto.com sia